PROD.md, before:

# Production Implementation:

- Build from docker-compose.prod.yml
- Comment out the line ```python
    path("reddit/", include("reddit.urls")),
```
in `src\memefeed\memefeed\urls.py` + save the file.
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml exec memefeed python manage.py migrate --noinput`
- Uncomment the line

- TODO: Migrate to cloud
- Lower traced_sample_rate in `sentry_sdk.init` https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/guides/django/performance/
- TODO: Production vs Dev database?
- Load balancing and cache server
- Loki and Django Debug Toolbar coinincide, as Django Debug Toolbar catches output to stdout before Loki can read it.
    - Disable Django Debug Toolbar in the `src\memefeed\memefeed\settings.py` file to query logs using Loki
- Define equivalent production env variables for docker-compose in the `.env` file:
```
PROD_POSTGRES_PASSWORD=???
PROD_DJANGO_DEV_SECRET_KEY=???
PROD_DJANGO_SUPERUSER_USERNAME=???
PROD_DJANGO_SUPERUSER_EMAIL=???
PROD_DJANGO_SUPERUSER_PASSWORD=???
PROD_GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_PASSWORD=???
PROD_REDIS_USERNAME=???
PROD_REDIS_PASSWORD=???
```

Commit message:

added notes for running scripts for data generation on new prod instance

PROD.md, after:

# Production Implementation:

- Build from docker-compose.prod.yml
- Comment out the line ```python
    path("reddit/", include("reddit.urls")),
```
in `src\memefeed\memefeed\urls.py` + save the file.
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml exec memefeed python manage.py migrate --noinput`
- Uncomment the line
- Can populate the Submissions with the command `docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml exec memefeed bash` --> Execute `python manage.py shell < scripts/fast_populate_reddit_etl.py` in bash shell
- If you've opened the site, use `python manage.py clear_cache` in the bash shell

- TODO: Migrate to cloud
- Lower traced_sample_rate in `sentry_sdk.init` https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/guides/django/performance/
- TODO: Production vs Dev database?
- Load balancing and cache server
- Loki and Django Debug Toolbar coinincide, as Django Debug Toolbar catches output to stdout before Loki can read it.
    - Disable Django Debug Toolbar in the `src\memefeed\memefeed\settings.py` file to query logs using Loki
- Define equivalent production env variables for docker-compose in the `.env` file:
```
PROD_POSTGRES_PASSWORD=???
PROD_DJANGO_DEV_SECRET_KEY=???
PROD_DJANGO_SUPERUSER_USERNAME=???
PROD_DJANGO_SUPERUSER_EMAIL=???
PROD_DJANGO_SUPERUSER_PASSWORD=???
PROD_GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_PASSWORD=???
PROD_REDIS_USERNAME=???
PROD_REDIS_PASSWORD=???
```
