SETUP.md, before:

# Setup

- (Git): For development, Install requirements in a venv and run `pre-commit install` to add black code auto-formatting on your commits
- Install postgres 13.9 with PGAdmin. This project assumes postgres runs on port 5432. (Default  for first time postgres installation).
- For postgres setup, I follow this tutorial: https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-postgresql-with-your-django-application-on-ubuntu-20-04
- In postgres shell:
```sql
CREATE DATABASE memefeed;
CREATE USER memefeeduser WITH PASSWORD 'PUT_YOU_PASSWORD_HERE';
ALTER ROLE memefeeduser SET client_encoding TO 'utf8';
ALTER ROLE memefeeduser SET default_transaction_isolation TO 'read committed';
ALTER ROLE memefeeduser SET timezone TO 'Australia/Sydney';
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE memefeed TO memefeeduser;
```
Add the password to the .env file in root directory, `POSTGRES_PASSWORD=PUT_YOU_PASSWORD_HERE`. I would recommend generating a password with
```
openssl rand -hex 32
```
in another terminal.
- `docker-compose up -d --build`
- Run initial migration `docker-compose exec web python manage.py migrate --noinput`
- Check default Django tables were created `docker-compose exec db psql --username=memefeeduser --dbname=memefeed`
- Create a reddit app
- Add praw.ini file to `src\memefeed`
```ini
[memefeedbot]
client_id=CLIENT_ID
client_secret=CLIENT_SECRET
password=YOUR_PASSWORD
username=YOUR_USERNAME
user_agent=Alpine:memefeed:v1.0.0 (by u/YOUR_USERNAME)
```
- Change the list of subreddits if you want in `src\memefeed\reddit\data\subreddits.csv`
- Use black python code formatter


# Setup Grafana + Prometheus
- Go to localhost:3000
- Log into grafana (default username: "admin", password: "admin") --> Change password and password
- In your the grafana interface in your browser:
    - Go Configuration > Data Sources
    - Add data source > Pick Prometheus
    - Set URL as http://prometheus:9090

Commit message:

added grafana dashboards for monitoring django application and docker containers / system information using single instance prometheus

SETUP.md, after:

# Setup

- (Git): For development, Install requirements in a venv and run `pre-commit install` to add black code auto-formatting on your commits
- Install postgres 13.9 with PGAdmin. This project assumes postgres runs on port 5432. (Default  for first time postgres installation).
- For postgres setup, I follow this tutorial: https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-postgresql-with-your-django-application-on-ubuntu-20-04
- In postgres shell:
```sql
CREATE DATABASE memefeed;
CREATE USER memefeeduser WITH PASSWORD 'PUT_YOU_PASSWORD_HERE';
ALTER ROLE memefeeduser SET client_encoding TO 'utf8';
ALTER ROLE memefeeduser SET default_transaction_isolation TO 'read committed';
ALTER ROLE memefeeduser SET timezone TO 'Australia/Sydney';
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE memefeed TO memefeeduser;
```
Add the password to the .env file in root directory, `POSTGRES_PASSWORD=PUT_YOU_PASSWORD_HERE`. I would recommend generating a password with
```
openssl rand -hex 32
```
in another terminal.
- `docker-compose up -d --build`
- Run initial migration `docker-compose exec web python manage.py migrate --noinput`
- Check default Django tables were created `docker-compose exec db psql --username=memefeeduser --dbname=memefeed`
- Create a reddit app
- Add praw.ini file to `src\memefeed`
```ini
[memefeedbot]
client_id=CLIENT_ID
client_secret=CLIENT_SECRET
password=YOUR_PASSWORD
username=YOUR_USERNAME
user_agent=Alpine:memefeed:v1.0.0 (by u/YOUR_USERNAME)
```
- Change the list of subreddits if you want in `src\memefeed\reddit\data\subreddits.csv`
- Use black python code formatter


# Setup Grafana + Prometheus
- Add a password `GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_PASSWORD=PASSWORD_HERE` to the `.env` file
- Go to localhost:3000
- Login to grafana (You added the password to the .env file)
- In your the grafana interface in your browser:
    - Go Configuration > Data Sources
    - Add data source > Pick Prometheus
    - Set URL as http://prometheus:9090
    - Save and Test
- Import the dashboards (*.json files) from the `data/grafana` directory
